Football Match Result Prediction/README.md, before:

# GUIDE FOR THIS PROJECT
## GIT CLONE THIS REPOSITORY
- git clone
- username: admin
- password: 123
- open "login_screen.py" and run
- If you have an url error, you should change the url

## USER INTERFACE

## LOGIN
![Ekran Görüntüsü (114)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/987b6af7-1b80-467d-b693-b93a80e5dbd2)

## CHOOSE LEAGUE NAME
![Ekran Görüntüsü (115)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58658092-ccd2-4818-a7bc-b1289d67a57d)

## GET THE DATA 
![Ekran Görüntüsü (116)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ccc45d0a-7847-4105-a353-1aedb5d2987d)

## CLEAR BUTTON
![Ekran Görüntüsü (117)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c0b23003-a93d-416e-a65d-6d4407fa1e25)

## WEB SCRAPING
![Ekran Görüntüsü (118)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ec4f5b2-8d06-4965-b6b6-3b1215b9a68d)
- You will see this message: Data scraping complete. Results saved to 2000_2001_Premier_League.csv
![Ekran Görüntüsü (119)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0e26df61-c8a9-4154-b08c-e3c9495a9876)

## DATABASE 
![Ekran Görüntüsü (120)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/038e40bd-a995-43b7-82a5-d586e0c081fe)
- Also you can filter team names after write a team name and again click GET DATA FROM DB button
![Ekran Görüntüsü (121)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65704e7b-6d41-4937-a584-92788789139b)
- Example Usage
![Ekran Görüntüsü (122)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b1e312b-3a37-484c-9ec1-1fc4de234e95)

## TÜRKİYE WEB SCRAPING
![Ekran Görüntüsü (125)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a264846d-5d87-4937-a118-87b0d5f3144c)

Commit message:

final code is added for football match result

Football Match Result Prediction/README.md, after:

# GUIDE FOR THIS PROJECT
## NEEDS & NOTES
- Clone this repository to your local computer
- Username: admin
- Password: 123
- Open "login_screen.py" and run
- If you have an url error, you should change the url path in the code

## USER INTERFACE

## LOGIN
![Ekran Görüntüsü (114)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/987b6af7-1b80-467d-b693-b93a80e5dbd2)

## CHOOSE LEAGUE NAME
![Ekran Görüntüsü (115)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58658092-ccd2-4818-a7bc-b1289d67a57d)

## GET THE DATA 
![Ekran Görüntüsü (116)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ccc45d0a-7847-4105-a353-1aedb5d2987d)

## CLEAR BUTTON
![Ekran Görüntüsü (117)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c0b23003-a93d-416e-a65d-6d4407fa1e25)

## WEB SCRAPING
![Ekran Görüntüsü (118)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ec4f5b2-8d06-4965-b6b6-3b1215b9a68d)
- You will see this message: Data scraping complete. Results saved to 2000_2001_Premier_League.csv
![Ekran Görüntüsü (119)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0e26df61-c8a9-4154-b08c-e3c9495a9876)

## DATABASE 
![Ekran Görüntüsü (120)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/038e40bd-a995-43b7-82a5-d586e0c081fe)
- Also you can filter team names after write a team name and again click GET DATA FROM DB button
![Ekran Görüntüsü (121)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65704e7b-6d41-4937-a584-92788789139b)
- Example Usage
![Ekran Görüntüsü (122)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b1e312b-3a37-484c-9ec1-1fc4de234e95)

## TÜRKİYE WEB SCRAPING
![Ekran Görüntüsü (125)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a264846d-5d87-4937-a118-87b0d5f3144c)
